>> Announcer: PREVIOUSLY ON
"BIG BROTHER": WITH THE COOKE UP
ON THE FINALLY READY TO TURN ON
EACH OTHER...
>> IT'S AN AMAZING FEELING.
HOWEVER, I DO NOW REALIZE THIS
STARTS TWO GAMES, THE B.B. END
GAME.
>> Announcer: A FINAL-THREE
DEAL.
>> ONE THING I AM TRYING TO DO
IS NOT HAVE YOUR NA NAMES IN MY
MOUTH.
>> THE THREE GUYS LOOKING OUT
FOR EACH OTHER MAKES SENSE TO
ME.
>> KYLAND AND "X" MADE THEIR OWN
DEAL.
NOW THAT WE'RE DOWN TO THE SIX,
I HAVE TO MAKE FINAL DECISIONS
ON WHO I WANT TO SIT NEXT TO AT
THE END.
>> THE GENTLEMEN IT IS.
>> Announcer: SO WHEN KY
EGG-SPERTLY SEIZED POWER...
>> CONGRATULATIONS, I CAN LAND,
YOU'RE THE NEW HEAD OF
HOUSEHOLD.
AWESOME JOB.
>> Announcer: HE PUT UP HIS
TWO BIGGEST THREATS.
>> I NOMINATED YOU, TIFFANY, AND
YOU, HANNAH.
>> Announcer: AFTER KYLAND
CLAIMED EVEN MORE POWER...
>> BOOM, LOOK AT THIS.
>> Announcer: ...HIS
NOMINATIONS BECAME FINAL.
>> I HAVE DECIDED NOT TO USE THE
POWER OF VETO.
>> Announcer: AND TIFFANY'S
DAYS SEEMED NUMBERED.
>> TIFFANY IS ON THE BLOCK.
I CAN'T WAIT TO GET HER OUT OF
THIS HOUSE!
>> Announcer: AT THE LIVE
EVICTION...
>> Julie: BY A UNANIMOUS VOTE,
TIFFANY, YOU ARE EVICTED TO THE
"BIG BROTHER" HOUSE.
>> Announcer: SHE TIPPY TOED
STRAIGHT TO JURY BUT SHE
WOULDN'T BE ALONE.
>> Julie: ONE OF YOU SITTING
THERE WILL ALSO BE LEAVING THE
GAME TONIGHT.
>> Announcer: WHEN THE HEAD OF
HOUSEHOLD RESULTED IN A
FACE-OFF, AZAH ROLLED INTO
POWER.
>> Julie: CONGRATULATIONS,
AZAH.
YOU ARE WANT NEW HEAD OF
HOUSEHOLD.
>> Announcer: AND SHE QUICKLY
MADE HER NOMINATIONS.
>> UNFORTUNATELY, X.AND HANNAH,
I'M GOING TO BE NOMINATING YOU
TODAY.
>> Announcer: AT THE MOST
CRITICAL VETO COMPETITION OF THE
SUMMER SO FAR...
>> Julie: KYLAND AND SWREAFER
AT SIX POINTS APIECE, YOU TWO
ARE FACING OFF IN A TIE-BREAKER
QUESTIONS.
>> Announcer: KYLAND GOT
ANOTHER BIG WIN.
>> Julie: CONGRATULATIONS,
KYLAND, YOU WON THE POWER OF
VETO.
>> Announcer: AND HE SAVED HIS
RIDE OR DIE.
>> I WILL TAKE XAVIER OFF AS I
PROMISE.
>> Julie: THERE'S ONLY ONE
OPTION, BIG "D."
>> I'M WEEK THAT, BABY.
>> Julie: OKAY.
>> Announcer: SETTING THE
STAGE FOR HANNAH TO BE RANA OUT
OF THE HOUSE.
HOUSE.
>> Julie: HANNAH, YOU ARE
EVICTED FROM THE "BIG BROTHER"
HOUSE.
>> Announcer: TONIGHT, A NEW
HEAD OF úOUSEHOLD WILL BE
CROWNED.
AND THE WINNER PUNCHES THEIR
TICKET TO THE TOP THREE.
AND WHICH TWO COOKOUT MEMBERS
WILL FIND THEMSELVESES WILL IN
THE HOT SEAT?
FIND OUT RIGHT NOW ON "BIG
BROTHER"!
>> WHY WOULD YOU NOT TAKE ME TO
VEGAS!
I'M THE BEST TIME YOU CAN EVER
HAVE!
>> I LOVE█ YOU, HANNAH.
♪ ♪ ♪
>> I'M FEELING GREAT!
I DON'T KNOW WHY THESE BITCHES
WON'T GET ME OUT OF THIS HOUSE,
BUT THEY KEEP KEEPING ME.
IT FEELS GREAT TO BE IN TOP
FOUR.
YOU KNOW, THE BOYS DID STICK TO
THEIR WORD AND MADE SURE I
STAYED HERE.
BUT I DON'T LIKE THAT LETLE VETO
STUNT.
BOTH OF THEM HAVE A LOT OF
EXPLAINING TO DO, BECAUSE THEY
ARE SUPPOSED TO BE LOYAL TO ME
AND NOT EACH OTHER.
>> BREATHE, BREATHE.
>> THANK YOU.
>> IT'S A LITTLE BITTERSWEET,
YOU KNOW.
I JUST SENT MY BABY SIS OUT THE
DOOR.
BUT I FEEL VERY GOOD TO BE HERE
STILL.
IT MEANS I'M DOING SOMETHING
RIGHT.
THE FACT THAT I'VE BEEN ON THE
BLOCK FIVE TIMES AND ONLY SEEN
THE VOTE ONCE I THINK SPEAKS
VOLUMES HOW I'M PLAYING THIS
GAME.
>> FINAL FOUR.
CONGRATULATIONS, EVERYBODY.
THAT WAS FAST.
DOUBLE EVICTIONS ARE NOTORIOUS
FOR BLINDSIDING PEOPLE,
ESPECIALLY BIG COMPETITORS.
IT EASILY COULD HAVE BEEN ME.
AND I'M NOW IN FINAL FOUR.
I'M SO CLOSE TO THE END I CAN'T
STOP UNTIL I'M IN THOSE FINAL
TWO CHAIRS.
>> I CAN'T BELIEVE IT.
I'M IN FINAL FOUR, WINNING MY
FIRST H.O.H. WAS AMAILSING, BUT
THE DOUBLE EVICTION WAS FREAKING
INTENSE.
>> Julie: CONGRATULATIONS,
AZAH!
YOU ARE THE NEW HEAD OF
HOUSEHOLD.
>> HANNAH AND I HAVE HAD SIMILAR
INTERESTS WORKING TOGETHER IN
THE PAST, BUT WE'VE NEVER
SOLIDIFIED ANY DEAL.
BIG "D" IS MY BEST FRIEND IN THE
HOUSE, AND XAVIER HAS HAD MY
BACK IN THE PAST.
AT THIS POINT, MY BEST SHOT AT
MAKING IT TO FINAL THREE IS
STAYING LOYAL TO THEM.
>> OKAY, OKAY, CONGRATULATIONS.
>> THANK YOU, THANK YOU.
I'M PUTTING X. AND YOU UP.
I WANT X. TO BE.
HOPEFULLY YOU WIN THE VETO AND I
CAN PUT KYLAND UP.
I NEED TO GET A BIG TARGET OUT.
YOU CAN'T PUT KY AND ME UP.
IF X. WINS THE VETO, KY GOES UP
AND KY GOES HOME.
IF KY WINS THE VETO, THE NOMS
STAY THE SAME.
>> RIGHT NOW, HANNAH IS ASKING
RAMMED-FIRE QUESTIONS, AND I
DON'T WANT HANNAH TO FEEL
FRAZZLES.
>> YOU'RE GOING TO VOTE TO WEEP
X.
I WILL BREAK THE TIE IN YOUR
FAVOR.
OKAY.
.I LIED.
I LIED TO THE YOUNGEST,
SWEETEST, CUTE LITTLE THING IN
THE HOUSE.
I DID.
I'M GOING TO ASK GOD'S
FORGIVENESS AND MOVE ON.
WE HAVE A VETO, WE HAVE AN
EVICTION, AND WE HAVE NEXT WEEK.
UNFORTUNATELY, X. AND HANNAH,
I'M GOING TO BE NOMINATING YOU
TODAY.
NOW THAT HANNAH IS ON THE BLOCK,
WE NEED TO MAKE SURE HANNAH DOES
NOT WIN VETO.
>> Julie: CONGRATULATIONS,
KYLAND.
YOU HAVE WON THE POWER OF VETO.
.
>> I TRIED PROPOSING A DEAL LAST
WEEK.
YOU SAID YOU WANTED TO BRING
STRONG COMPETITORS TO THE END.
I'M NOT SURE IF YOU WANT A FINAL
FOUR WITH X., AZAH, AND BIG D.,
BUT I WOULD LOVE TO BE A PARENT
OF THAT.
>> THAT IS WHAT I'M GOING TO
DO--
>> YOU'RE GOING TO PULL X. OFF?
>> YES.
>> YOU CAN PLEASE VOTE TO KEEP
ME?
>> I BELIEVE THAT I CAN.
I THINK THAT THAT IS-- I HAVE TO
CHECK WITH X. AND PEOPLE.
I'M GOING TO USE THE VETO ON
XAVIER.
I ONLY WANT TO BE HONEST WITH
HER, BUT I'M NOT SURE IF I CAN
SAVE HER.
>> BIG "D" IS HERE FOR THE FAME.
HE'S HERE FOR THE MONEY.
I DON'T WANT TO THROW HIM UNDER
THE BUS, BUT I WOULD LOVE TO BE
PART OF THE FINAL FOUR.
>> IF YOU CAN CONVINCE X. TO
SWITCH HIS VOTE.
BUT I DON'T WANT TO BE A
DECIDING FACTOR IN TERMS OF
H.O.H.
I'M SORRY, LET ME TALK--
>> ARE YOU GOING TO VOTE TO KEEP
ME OR ARE YOU GOING TO VOTE TO
KEEP BIG "D"?
>> I'M GOING TO KEEP.
YOU I'M GOING TO KEEP YOU.
>> THANK YOU.
>> GEN WEDGE, I WOULD LIKE TO
VOTE TO KEEP HANNAH, BUT IF THE
VOTE IS SPLIT BETWEEN KYLAND AND
I IT PUTS AZAH IN A BAD DECISION
WHERE SHE HAS TO BREAK THE DIE
AND SEND EITHER BIG "D" OR
HANNAH HOME.
THE BACKLASH TO ME COULD BE
DIFFICULT TO MANAGE.
>> BEING THE H.O.H., I HAD TO
MAKE DIFFERENT DEALS AND
PROMISES AND RIGHT NOW I DO HAVE
ONE TO TAKE XAVIER OFF, SO I'M
GOING TO USE IT ON YOU.
>> Julie: XAVIER, YOU CAN SIT
ON ONE OF THE COUCHES AND, YEAH,
THERE'S ONLY ONE OPTION.
THAT'S YOU, BIG "D."
>> I'M OKAY WITH THAT, BABY!
>> Julie: OKAY.
>> WHEN THE VETO GETS USED, I AM
LIVID BECAUSE THIS WAS NOT A
PART OF MY PLAN.
FOR XAVIER AND KYLAND TO KIND OF
PULL A FAST ONE ON ME, IT REALLY
MAKES ME UPSET.
BUT I HAVE TO TRUST WHAT THESE
BOYS ARE GOING TO DO WHAT NEEDS
TO GET DONE.
BUT NEXT TIME, GIVE ME A
HEADS-UP, BECAUSE YOU'RE PLAYING
WITH MY GAME, AND I DON'T BLA
WITH Y'ALL'S GAME.
>> Julie: I'LL BE BACK FOR THE
SECOND VOTE AND EVICTION IN JUST
A FEW MINUTES.
>> DID YOU TELL AZAH YOU WERE
VOTING TO KEEP HER.
>> I WOULD LIKE TO.
>> I TOLD HER I WAS VOTING TO
KEEP HER.
DID YOU TELL HER THAT?
>> NO, I SAID I WANT TO VOTE TO
KEEP HER.
>> WE CAN'T DECIDE WHICH ONE OF
US IS GOING TO BE THAT SYMPATHY
VOTE FOR HANNAH.
I WOULD LOVE TO GIVE HANNAH A
SYMPATHY VOTE.
SHE IS SOMEONE I TRULY VIEW AS
MY YOUNGER SISTER, BUT I NEED
KYLAND TO FEEL A GREATER SENSE
OF LOYALTY BETWEEN HIM AND I, SO
HE BRINGS ME TO FINAL TWO.
FOR MY PERSONAL GAME MOVING
FORWARD, I CAN'T VOTE FOR
CHADDHA.
>> THOSE TWO ARE GOING TO GO TO
THE END TOGETHER.
THEY HAVE A FINAL TWO.
>> I'M READY.
I ALREADY KNEW.
7.
>> I DON'T KNOW.
KY AND X. HAVE THE VOTES.
WHATEVER THEY WANT TO DO.
IT'S OKAY.
AZAH DOESN'T NEED TO KNOW THAT I
MADE A FINAL THREE WITH THE
GUYS.
SO I'M JUST GOING TO STAY COOL
AND HOPEFULLY THE DE DEALS THAT
MADE WITH XAVIER AND KYLAND WILL
GET MEADE THROUGH THIS NEXT
ELIMINATION.
WE CAN'T REALLY DO MUCH ABOUT
IT.
I TRIED.
>> MY STOMACH DOES NOT SIT RIGHT
WITH THIS MOVE.
I WOULD NEVER THINK THAT KYLAND
WOULD USE A VETO TO PUT BIG "D"
UP IN SOMEBODY'S PLACE.
I'M WONDERING IF BIG "D" IS
THEIR TARGET TO GO OUT, AND
THEY'RE TAKING OVER MY H.O.H.
>> YOU SAID YOU WANT PEOPLE HERE
WHO LOVE THE GAME, WHO RESPECT
THE GAME, WHO AREN'T HERE FOR
THE PRIZE MONEY.
>> YEAH.
>> I AM HERE TO COMPETE.
I AM HERE TO PLAY.
YOU SAID YOU WANT TO GO TO THE
END WITH STRONG COMPETITORS.
NOW, I'M NOT SURE IF YOU DON'T
SEE ME AS A STRONG COMPETITOR,
BUT I MADE IT VERY CLEAR TO YOU
WHERE I STAND WITH YOU.
>> WE HAVE TO FACTOR IN WHAT
AZAH WANTS IN THE SITUATION.
>> SHE CAN'T COMPETE IN THE NEXT
H.O.H. COMP.
YOU GUYS HAVE TO PLAY FOR YOUR
OWN PERSONAL GAMES.
PLEASE VOTE TO KEEP ME, PLEASE,
PLEASE.
>> WE UNDERSTAND, CHADDHA.
WE HAVE TO THINK THIS OVER.
>> PLEASE.
>> Julie: BY A UNANIMOUS VOTE
OF 2-0, HANNAH, YOU ARE EVICTED
FROM THE "BIG BROTHER" HOUSE.
>> I ULTIMATELY DECIDED TO NOT
SPLIT THE VOTE, BECAUSE I
REALIZE CHADDHA IS GOING HOME
EITHER WAY.
>> I DON'T FEEL GOOD.
I HAVE, FOR THE MOST PART,
HONORED PEOPLE'S H.O.H.s.
IF KYLAND WANTED TO USE THE VETO
ON XAVIER, THAT IS SOMETHING HE
COULD HAVE TOLD ME, BUT HE
DIDN'T.
I FEEL LIKE I'VE BEEN PLAYED.
I DON'T FEEL LIKE I'VE FELT
PLAYED ANY TIME IN THIS GAME,
AND I FEEL LIKE I'VE BEEN PLAYED
NOW.
>> KEEP YOUR HEAD UP.
>> WE LOVE YOU, HANNAH.
>> NO HARD FEELINGS AT ALL.
I LOVE YOU GUYS.
>> LOVE YOU, HANNAH.
>> ACHIEVING PHENYL FOUR IS A
HUGE ACCOMPLISHMENT.
I AM ONE STEP CLOSER TO THE
FINAL TWO CHAIRS.
DEFINITELY HAVE TO DO DAMAGE
CONTROL BUT EVERY COMPETITION
GOING FORWARD MATTERS.
EVERY STEP I TAKE HAS TO BE
CALCULATED.
IT HAS TO BE PERFECT.
IT'S PUT UP OR SHUT UP.
>> SURE.
>> I WAS AFRAID OF KEEPING DEREK
OFF AND LETTING HIM VOTE.
I WAS WORRIED.
>> THAT'S WHY I DIDN'T WANT TO
LEAVE YOU, EITHER.
>> I APPRECIATE THAT.
>> IF WE'RE GOING TO DO IT,
WE'RE BOTH GOING TO DO IT.
>> I HOPE YOU DON'T FEEL ME
TAKING OFF PUTS THE LIGHT.
>> WE'RE GOOD, WE'RE GOOD.
>> WE'RE SITTING, RIGHT?
>> YEAH.
>> I DO HAVE A FINAL TWO WITH
XAVIER, AND THAT IS THE ONE I'M
MOST COMMITTED TO, BUT I CAN'T
LET DEREK KNOW THAT.
WE STILL HAVE ANOTHER H.O.H. AND
A VETO THAT SEPARATES ME FROM
THE FINAL THREE.
AND I NEED TO MAKE SURE I GET
THERE.
YOU DIDN'T KNOW.
>> NO, WE'RE GOOD.
>> I VOTED OUT HANNAH TO MAKE
KYLAND FEEL LIKE I'M LOYAL TO
HIM CURING THE DOUBLE EVICTION.
BUT MY LOYALTY IS PRIMARILY TO
BIG "D."
THE FIRST FINAL TWO I MADE WAS
WITH BIG "D."
>> YOU'RE THE ONLY PERSON I
TRUST, LIKE, COMPLETELY, SO I'M
GOING TO DO WHATEVER YOU TELL ME
TO DO AND I'M GOING TO FOLLOW
YOUR LEAD.
ME AND YOU HAVE A FINAL TWO.
>> ULTIMATELY, I WANT TO BRING
BIG "D" TO THE FINAL TWO, BUT I
NEED TO DO WHATEVER I HAVE TO,
TO ENSURE THAT I'M BEING BROUGHT
TO FINAL TWO.
>> THANK YOU.
>> I'M SORRY, BIG "D."
>> IT'S OKAY, IT'S OKAY.
.NO, NO LISTEN.
WHAT DID I SAY IN LISTEN.
LISTEN.
>> HONESTLY, THEY DIDN'T NEED TO
DO THAT.
RIGHT NOW, I'M PISSED.
THIS IS MY FIRST H.O.H. OF THE
SEASON.
I SHOULD BE FEELING PRETTY
OVERJOYED, BUT I DON'T BECAUSE I
WAS FORCED TO PUT UP MY ALLY,
AND IT LEAVES ME FEEL VERY ICKY
AND UPSET.
WHY WOULD THEY PUT YOU THROUGH
THAT?
>> IT'S OKAY.
WE HAVE TO MOVE ON.
WE HAVE A GAME COMING.
WE HAVE TO FOCUS, AND LET'S GO.
ALL RIGHT.
FIRST, LET ME SAY--
>> GO AHEAD.
>> MY ATTITUDE IS NOT WITH YOU.
>> YOU'RE GOOD.
>> IT'S JUST NO ONE TELLS-- NO
ONE TOLD ME WHAT WAS GOING ON.
WITH KYLAND AND XAVIER PULLING
THE STUNT THEY DID, I DON'T KNOW
WHAT THAT MEANS FOR MY FUTURE IN
THIS GAME.
I DON'T CARE WHO IS SITTING NEXT
TO ME, BUT I DESERVE A SEAT AT
THOSE FINAL TWO CHAIRS.
>> GO AHEAD.
>> I AUTOMATICALLY THOUGHT,
DAMN, DID AZAH MAKE A FINAL TWO
WITH KY WITHOUT TELLING ME,
THROWING ME TO THE CURB AFTER
EVERYTHING WE'VE BEEN THROUGH.
>> I UNDERSTAND WHY IT FELT LIKE
A BLINDSIDE.
IT'S NO SURPRISE BIG "D" IS
UPSET KYLAND USED THE VETO ON
ME, ESPECIALLY SINCE WE HAVE A
FINAL THREE.
ONE OF THE THINGS I'M TRYING TO
DO IS NOT HAVE EITHER OF YOUR
NAMES IN MY MOUTH.
>> I AGREE WITH THAT.
>> WHEN KYLAND USED THE GOLDEN
POWER OF VETO ON ME, OBVIOUSLY
IT WAS GOING TO RAISE A BIG FLAG
WITH BIG "D," BECAUSE NOW IT
LOOKS LIKE KYLAND IS PICKING ME
OVER BIG "D," AND I CAN
UNDERSTAND WHY THAT MIGHT MAKE
BIG "D" UPSET.
>>
WE'RE GOOD.
>> I DON'T LEAVE YOU GUYS OUT ON
PANS.
>> NO, I KNOW.
♪ ♪ ♪
>> HEY, EVERYBODY!
I NEED YOU ALL TO GATHER IN THE
LIVING ROOM.
>> WOOOO!
>> I'M STAR OF THE NEW CBS
SERIES "C.S.I.: VEGAS."
YOU DO THIS JOB LONG ENOUGH AND
YOU FIGURE OUT THERE ARE A WHOLE
LOT OF CAREFUL CRIMINALS OUT
THERE.
>> C.S.I.'S HAVE THE SCENE.
>> THERE'S ALSO SOMETHING.
I JUST HAD TO KNOW WHERE TO
LOOK.
>> YOU AND I BOTH KNOW WHAT IT
FEELS LIKE WHEN A SCENE IS
STAGED.
>> NOW, WE JUST HAVE TO PROVE
IT.
>> FINALLY, A TESTABLE
HYPOTHESIS.
>> IF WE DON'T GET TO THE TRUTH,
NOBODY WILL.
>> WOOO!
>> OKAY.
>> THANK YOU, THANK YOU.
>> LOVE ME SOME "C.S.I.."
>> MY CHARACTER IS ALWAYS
DIGGING DEEPER TO GET TO THE
TRUTH.
SO IN TODAY'S CRIME SCENE
COMPETITION, YOU'LL DO THE SAME
TO BECOME THE NEXT HEAD OF
HOUSEHOLD.
NOT ONLY WILL YOU REAP THE
BENEFITS OF BEING H.O.H., BUT
YOU'LL ALSO BE TREATED TO A
SNEAK PEEK OF OUR FIRST EPISODE.
GET READY AND "BIG BROTHER" WILL
CALL YOU ONE AT A TIME TO
COMPETE.
>> YEAH!
>> GOOD LUCK!
>> OKAY.
( APPLAUSE ).
>> YAY!
>> "C.S.I.: VEGAS."
>> THE FINAL H.O.H. IS BIG.
NOT ONLY DOES IT GUARANTEE YOUR
PLACE IN THE FINAL THREE, IT IS
THE ONLY H.O.H. OF THE SUMMER
THAT YOU CAN COMPETE IN
BACK-TO-BACK H.O.H.s.
I AM GOING TO DO EVERYTHING IN
MY POWER TO MAKE SURE I WIN THIS
HEAD OF HOUSEHOLD, AND I'VE COME
TOO FAR TO LET IT SLIP OUT OF MY
HANDS NOW.
>> BEING THIS CLOSE TO BEING TO
THE END OF THIS GAME LEADS ME TO
THINK OF ALL THE THINGS I
SACRIFICED TO GET HERE AND I
DIDN'T COME THIS FAR JUST TO
COME THIS FAR.
I AM HERE TO MAKE IT TO THOSE
FINAL TWO CHAIRS.
IT'S TIME TO MAKE IT HAPPEN.
>> SINCE I WON H.O.H. IN THE
DOUBLE EVICTION, I CAN'T PLAY IN
THIS H.O.H.
I DON'T KNOW WHAT MY STANDING IS
IN THIS HOUSE, BUT I DEFINITELY
FEEL THE NEW H.O.H. HAS PUT A
TARGET ON MY BACK.
>> NOW IT'S EVERY MAN AND WOMAN
FOR THEMSELVES.
THE GUYS PULLED A LITTLE FAST
ONE ON ME BY PUT MEG OPT BLOCK
WITHOUT ME KNOWING AND THAT
SCARES ME.
BECAUSE I THOUGHT I HAD A HANDLE
ON THIS GAME.
I HAVE TO WIN THIS H.O.H.
COMPETITION TO MAKE SURE THAT
THERE ARE NO MORE BLINDSIDES ON
DEREK F. GOING FORWARD.
OH, MY GOD!
THIS IS SO NERVE-RACKING!
WHEN I GET INTO THE B.B. CRIME
LAB, IT IS EPIC.
ALL RIGHT.
THERE'S A BUNCH OF EVIDENCE ON
THE WALL.
THERE'S A BIG GIANT COMPUTER,
AND I'M EXCITED BECAUSE I FEEL
LIKE THIS IS SOMETHING I CAN
ACTUALLY WIN.
"WELCOME TO THE B.B. CRIME LAB.
THE H.O.H. KEY HAS BEEN STOLEN
FROM THE B.B. 23 MUSEUM, AND
IT'S YOUR JOB TO FIND THE CLUES,
COLLECT THE CORRECT EVIDENCE,
AND IDENTIFY THE PRIMARY
SUSPECT.
HERE'S HOW IT GOES: GRAB YOUR
BLACK LIGHT AND BEGIN TO LOOK
FOR THE CLUES IN THE CRIME
SCENE.
LOOK HIGH AND LOOK LOW FOR FIVE
PIECES OF THE GLOWING EVIDENCE.
ONCE YOU FIND A CLUE, REMEMBER
WHAT YOU SAW AND HEAD BACK TO
THE LAB TO TRY TO MATCH THE CLUE
WITH THE EVIDENCE ON THE WALL.
ONCE YOU THINK YOU HAVE FOUND
THE MATCH, PLACE IT ON YOUR
COMPUTER, CONTINUE TO DO THIS
UNTIL YOU FIND AND IDENTIFY ALL
FIVE PIECES OF EVIDENCE.
ONCE YOU BELIEVE YOU HAVE THE
FIVE CORRECT PIECES OF EVIDENCE
IN THE COMPUTER SCANNER, HIT
YOUR BUTTON.
IF YOU HAVE COLLECTEDLY THE
CORRECT FIVE PIECES OF EVIDENCE,
THE COMPUTER WILL IDENTIFY THE
SUSPECT, AND YOU WILL LOCK IN
YOUR TIME.
IF YOU HAVE NOT COLLECTEDLY THE
CORRECT PIECES OF EVIDENCE, THE
COMPUTER WILL INDICATE IT CANNOT
FIND A MATCH, AND YOU MUST
FIGURE OUT WHERE THE
INVESTIGATION WENT WRONG.
THE NEW HEAD OF HOUSEHOLD WILL
BE THE PLAYER WHO IDENTIFIES AND
MATCHES THE FIVE PIECES OF
EVIDENCE THE FASTEST.
ARE YOU READY TO PLAY B.B. CRIME
LAB?"
YES, I AM!
( HORN BLOWS )
MY STRATEGY IN THIS COMPETITION
IS TAKE THE TIME TO LOOK AT EACH
AND EVERY SINGLE DETAIL.
WHAT THE...
AM I MISSING SOMETHING?
GOT IT.
OKAY.
CIRCLE, CIRCLE.
BUT IN THE MOMENT WHEN YOU'RE
LOOKING FOR THINGS AND THEN YOU
GO BACK TO THE WALL, THERE'S SO
MANY DECOYS THAT LOOK THE SAME,
IT IS SO DIFFICULT TO FIGURE OUT
WHAT IS WHAT.
CIRCLE, CIRCLE, DASH, DASH.
YOU START SECOND GUESSING
YOURSELF.
THE FINGER PREVENT CLUE IS VERY
DIFFICULT FOR ME.
BIG CIRCLE.
I'M SITTING HERE GOING, CIRCLE,
CIRCLE, DASH, DASH, CIRCLE,
TRYING TO FIGURE OUT HOW THE
DETAIL OF THE FINGER PREVENT IS.
I COUNT FIVE CIRCLES IN THE
FINGERPRINT, AND I DEFINITELY AM
GOING TO GO WITH FINGERPRINT
NUMBER 10.
( BUZZER )
ONE, TWO, 4.
ONCE AGAIN, HERE'S ANOTHER CLUE
THAT HAS ABOUT FIVE DE DECOYS TH
LOOK THE SAME.
THE WAM I'M ABLE TO TELL THE
DIFFERENCE IN THE SHOE PRINTS IS
THERE ARE 10 RIDGES AT THE TOP
AND THERE ARE FOUR RIDGES AT THE
BOTTOM.
SO I'M GOING TO GO WITH SHOE
PRINT NUMBER 12.
( BELL RINGS )
♪ ♪ ♪
HERE WE GO.
CIRCLE...
THE CHEMICAL EVIDENCE IS CLEARLY
NUMBER 3.
( BELL RINGS )
IT IS JUST THREE CIRCLES IN A
TRIANGLE.
3 AND 3.
3, 3.
I THINK THAT D.N.A. NUMBER 11.
( BUZZER )
JUST BECAUSE IT HAS THE THREE
LINES AT THE BOTTOM, SIX IN THE
MIDDLE, AND THREE AT THE TOP.
GOT IT.
THE TIRE TRACK CLUE IS PROBABLY
THE MOST DIFFICULT ONE I HAVE
FOUND SO FAR.
I NOTICE THAT THE TREDZ IN THE
CENTER ARE POINTING DOWN, AND
THAT IT HAS WAVY LINES ON THE
SIDE.
I FEEL PRETTY CONFIDENT THAT IT
IS TIRE TRACK NUMBER 10.
( BUZZER SOUNDS )
>> OKAY, IS IT THIS?
I DECIDE TO SWITCH OUT D.N.A.
NUMBER 11 FOR D.N.A. NUMBER 4.
THEY BOTH LOOK SIMILAR ENOUGH.
SO I'M JUST GOING TO PRAY FOR
THE BEST
( BUZZER SOUNDS )
OKAY.
WRONG.
AND I'M JUST ALL OVER THE PLACE
NOW BECAUSE NOW I DON'T KNOW
WHICH ONE IS RIGHT.
7.
WHERE AM I MESSING UP HERE?
I SWITCH OUT THE TIRE TRACKS
BECAUSE NUMBER 9 HAS DIBLETS IN
IT.
SUPER BOWL BUZZER SOUNDS )
SOMETHING IS STILL WRONG AND I
CAN'T FIGURE IT OUT BUT I'M NOT
GIVING UP.
WHERE AM I MESSING UP?
THEN I GO BACK AND CHECK THINGS
I WAS SECOND GUESSING ON.
I REMEMBER THIS.
THIS IS RIGHT.
MY HEAD IS WRONG.
DAMN.
IS IT THE FINGERPRINT BECAUSE
FINGERPRINT NUMBER 5 IS SIMILAR.
( BELL RINGS )
>> DAMN!
( HORN BLOWS )
>> OH, DAMN.
OKAY.
MY STRATEGY FOR THIS COMPETITION
IS TO FIND THE CLUES FIRST, AND
THEN WHEN I FIEND A CLUE GO AND
TRY TO MATCH IT UP WITH ITS
CORRESPONDING EVIDENCE AS FAST
AS POSSIBLE.
TIME IS OF THE ESSENCE.
I'M GOING AGAINST BIG D. AND
KYLAND, WHO HAVE SHOWN
THEMSELVES TO BE FORMIDABLE
COMPETITORS, SO GETTING A FAST
TIME IS GOING TO BE CRUCIAL.
THE CHEMICAL CLUE HAS THREE
BALLS CONNECTED BY LINES THAT
INTERSECT AT THE MIDDLE.
AND IT ALMOST FORMS A TRIANGLE
OF SORTS.
I BELIEVE THIS IS IT.
( BELL RINGS )
ONCEIP FIND THE CHEMICAL CLUE, I
CAN QUICKLY PLACE THAT IN ITS
SLOT ON THE COMPUTER.
THAT'S ONE CLUE DOWN, FOUR TO
GO.
NOTHING.
MOVING TO THE NEXT ONE.
COME BACK-- OKAY, D.N.A.
GOT IT.
THE D.N.A. CLUE WAS A BIT
TRICKIER, BUT I DO THINK I GOT
IT.
YES, IT DID CONNECT.
( BELL RINGS )
THE KEY FEATURES ARE THAT THE
LINES AREN'T CONNECTING TO THE
D.N.A. STRAND ITSELF, AND
THERE'S A DIFFERING NUMBER OF
LINES AT THE EDGE OF THE D.N.A.
ANYTHING DOWN HERE?
A-HA.
THUMBPRINT.
LINES AND SPACES.
GOT IT.
THE FINGERPRINT CLUE IS TRICKY.
THERE ARE GAPS ON THE
FINGERPRINT.
HOWEVER, THE LINES AND THEIR
SPACES MAKE IT VERY DIFFICULT
WITH THE OTHER FINGERPRINTS ON
THE EVIDENCE WALL.
THAT ONE.
THERE IT IS.
( BUZZER SOUNDS )
HOPEFULLY I FIGURE OUT WHERE THE
MATCH IS AND PUT IT ON THE
COMPUTER WITHOUT WASTING TOO
MUCH TIME.
I DON'T SEE IT IN HERE.
LET'S CHECK THIS OUT HERE.
TIRE TRACK.
GOT IT.
THE TIRE TRACK IN THE MIDDLE OF
A B.B. MUSEUM?
WHY?
WHO-- WHO'S DRIVING IN A MUSEUM?
( BELL RINGS )
SHOE PRINT.
SHOE PRINT DOWN HERE.
SHOE PRINT, SHOE PRINT, SHOE
PRINT.
OH, HERE WE GO.
THE FINAL CLUE IS A SHOE PRINT.
GOT IT!
THE RIDGES ON THE SNEAKER ARE
VERY SQUIGGLY, AND FOR THE
PURPOSES OF THIS COMPETITION,
THAT'S VERY HELPFUL.
IT'S OPEN.
NUMBER 12.
( BELL RINGS )
I THINK I'VE MATCHED ALL THE
CLUES FROM THE B.B. MUSEUM TO
THE EVIDENCE WALL.
NOW IT'S TIME TO LOCK IN MY
ANSWER AND THE COMPUTER CAN SEE
IF WE CAN FIGURE OUT WHO THIS
SUSPECT IS
( BUZZER SOUNDS )
WRONG.
I NOTICE THAT FINGERPRINT NUMBER
FIVE LOOKS VERY SIMILAR TO
FINGERPRINT NUMBER 10 WITH A FEW
MORE GAPS AND I THINK THAT'S
SPOT ON WITH THE CLUE I FOUND IN
THE B.B. MUSEUM.
I GO BACK TO THE B.B. MUSEUM,
AND I REALIZE I'M PRETTY SURE I
HAD IT RIGHT THE FIRST TIME.
NOW I NEED TO GO BACK TO THE
EVIDENCE WALL, SWAP OUT THE
CORRECT CLUE FOR THE INCORRECT
CLUE, AND I SHOULD BE GOOD
( BELL RINGS )
THANK YOU.
GEEZ.
FINALLY, AFTER A FEW BUTTON
PRESSES, I GET IT RIGHT, LOCK IN
MY TIME, AND HOPEFULLY I DIDN'T
WASTE TOO MUCH TIME AND I'M ABLE
TO PULL OFF THIS EVER-SO-CRUCIAL
H.O.H. WIN.
SEE HOW IT GOES
( HORN SOUNDS )
>> LET'S GO.
OKAY.
OH, IT'S HERE.
OH, NOT ON THE FLOOR, NOT ON THE
FLOOR.
WHAT HAVE WE GOT HERE?
WE HAVE CRIME SCENE BUT WE CAN
GO UNDER THE TAPE.
I KNOW THERE ARE FIVE CLUES I
NEED TO FIND, SO I DECIDE I'M
GOING TO LOOK FOR ONE CLUE AT A
TIME TO TRY TO MATCH IT TO THE
EVIDENCE.
THAT WAY I'M NOT GETTING
DISTRACTED NOR CONFUSED.
OH, SHOE PRINT.
WE GOT THE WAVES.
BOOM!
JUST FOUND MY FIRST CLUE.
GOT A SHOE PRINT.
I SEE SOME SQUIGGLY LINES, A BOX
AND MORE SQUIGGLY LINES.
WHEN I GET BACK TO THE LAB I
NOTICE THERE ARE MULTIPLE PIECES
OF THAT HE WAS HAVE THOSE SAME
DISTINCT FEATURES.
TWO LINES, NO LINES.
LET'S SEE THE DIFFERENCE.
ONE, TWO, THREE, FOUR.
ON THE RIGHT.
OKAY.
I SEE FOUR SQUIGGLY LINES ON THE
BOTTOM AND SEE THE SPLIT IN THE
BOX AT THE CORNER
( BELL RINGS )
WHICH HELPS ME DIFFERENTIATE IT
FROM ALL THE OTHER CLUES.
D.N.A., OKAY.
ONE, TWO, THREE, ONE, TWO,
THREE, FOUR, FIVE, SIX.
ONE, TWO, THREE.
ONE, TWO, SIX.
ONE, TWO THREE.
( BELL SPOWNDZ )
TIRE TRACKS OKAY.
YOU GOT THE ARROWS POINTING
DOWN.
WE HAVE THE WAVES THAT GO UP,
FOR THE TIRE TRACK CLUE, I
NOTICE IN THE PATTERN OF THE
TIRE SOME OF THE TREADS ARE
POINTING DOWN, SOME POINTING UP,
AND IN THE MIDDLE ARE THESE
ARROWS THAT ARE ALL POINTING
DOWNWARD.
I HAVE TO GO BACK AND DOUBLE
CHECK THE ARROWS TO SEE WHETHER
OR NOT IT HAS THE DIVOT IN THE
TOP
( BELL RINGS )
FINGERPRINT.
OKAY.
UP, DOWN, UP ON FIVE.
VERY SIMILAR.
THE DIFFERENCES IN THE
FINGERPRINT CLUE ARE PRETTY
SUBTLE, BUT SOME OF THEM HAVE
SPLITS IN THE LINES THAT ARE
RIGHT NEXT TO EACH OTHER, AND
SOME OF THEM HAVE SPLITS IN THE
LINES THAT ARE SEPARATED UP AND
DOWN.
SO THIS DISTINCTION HELPS ME
LOCK IN THE RIGHT ANSWER.
NO DOUBLE, RIGHT, NO DOUBLE
( BELL RINGS )
NOW CHEMICAL.
COME ON, CHEMICAL!
AT THIS POINT, I ONLY HAVE ONE
MORE CLUE TO LOCK IN, AND I
SHOULD BE ABLE TO IDENTIFY THE
SUSPECT.
NOW I JUST NEED TO FIND THIS
CHEMICAL.
I FEEL LIKE I'VE LOOKED
EVERYWHERE IN THIS WHOLE MUSEUM.
AND NOW, I GUESS I'M GOING TO
HAVE TO DO IT AGAIN.
NOTHING, NOTHING, NOTHING,
NOTHING, NOTHING.
COME ON!
OKAY, CHEMICAL, ONE, TWO, THREE,
THAT'S IT.
ONE, TWO, THREE.
CIRCLE.
NOW I HAVE THERE CHEMICAL, I
HAVE TO RUN BACK TO THE CRIME
LAB AND HOPE I CAN PICK OUT THE
ONE THAT MATCHES THE ONE I JUST
FOUND.
WHAT'S THE DIFFERENCE?
SIZE?
( BELL RINGS )
LOOKING... ANALYZING.
RIGHT, NOTHING ELSE, RIGHT?
( BELL RINGS )
SEEING I HAVE ALL THE ANSWERS
RIGHT AFTER PUSHING THE BUTTON
ONLY ONE TIME HAS ME A BIT PROUD
OF MYSELF.
HOWEVER, I'M NOT SURE HOW THE
TIMES FOR DEREK AND XAVIER WILL
BE, BUT I DO KNOW I COULD REALLY
USE THIS H.O.H. WIN SO I GUESS I
HAVE TO JUST HOPE FOR THE BEST.
>> ALL RIGHT, TIME TO SEE HOW
YOU DID IN THE B.B. CRIME LAB
COMPETITION.
>> GOOD LUCK.
>> DEREK, YOU FINISHED WITH A
TIME OF 15 MINUTES AND 44
SECONDS.
>> YOU WERE ZOOMING ZOOMING.
>> KYLAND.
YOU FINISHED WITH A TIME OF 14
MINUTES AND 52 SECONDS.
>> GOOD MOVE, KY.
>> GOOD JOB, KY.
>> I'M SORRY, DEREK, THAT MEANS
KYLAND, YOU ARE CURRENTLY IN THE
LEAD.
SO IT ALL COMES DOWN TO KYLAND
OR XAVIER FOR THE NEXT HEAD OF
HOUSEHOLD.
XAVIER, YOU FINISHED WITH A TIME
OF...
10 MINUTES AND 18 SECONDS.
CONGRATULATIONS, XAVIER.
YOU ARE THE NEW HEAD OF
HOUSEHOLD.
( APPLAUSE )
>> THIS ONE IS BIG.
YUP.
>> DAMN, YOU WERE ZOOMING
ZOOMING.
>> I JOY I FEEL IS...
INSURMOUNTABLE.
>> CONGRATS.
>> THIS H.O.H. VERY WELL COULD
BE THE DIFFERENCE BETWEEN ME
WINNING $750,000, AND NOW I FEEL
HIKE I'M IN A VERY GOOD POSI
POSITION.
IT'S A GREAT FEELING.
>> ANY TIME I GO AGAINST ANY OF
THESE HOUSEGUESTS, I HAVE LOST.
I LIKE TO BE A LEADER, SO IT'S
HARD TO CONSTANTLY JUST FEEL
YOU'RE RIDING PEOPLE'S
COATTAILS.
( SIGHS )
>> HERE WE GO.
HERE WE GO.
WIN WHEN YOU NEED TO.
YOU NEEDED TO BEAT KYLAND AND
YOU DID.
>> CONGRATULATIONS, X., ONCE
AGAIN.
>> THANK YOU, THANK YOU.
>> CONGRATS, X.
>> THANKS, AZAH.
>> I'M A DUMMY!
>> I'M PRETTY DISAPPOINTED THAT
I LOST THIS H.O.H. COMPETITION.
I DEFINITELY COULD HAVE, SHOULD
HAVE, AND PROBABLY REALLY NEEDED
TO DO BETTER AT THAN I DID.
HOW WAS I SO STUPID?
I DO TRUST XAVIER WANTING ME TO
MOVE FORWARD.
HOWEVER, IF SOMEONE ELSE WINS
THE VETO, THERE'S NOTHING HE CAN
D.
YOU SHOULD HAVE KNOWN THEY WERE
ALL THE SAME SIZE!
( SIGHS )
>> WHAT ARE YOU HIDING IN HERE?
WHAT'S WRONG?
>> I'M JUST... DISAPPOINTED.
>> OKAY, HEY, LISTEN, YOU DON'T
HAVE TO WORRY.
>> I KNOW.
I THINK IT'S ONE OF THOSE THINGS
WHERE IT'S LIKE IF AZAH WINS THE
VETO, SHE WOULD TAKE EITHER OF
YOU TWO AND SHE WOULDN'T TAKE
ME, AND THAT'S JUST KIND OF HARD
TO-- IT'S JUST A POSITION WHERE
I KNEW, LIKE, OF THE THREE OF US
I PROBABLY NEEDED TO WIN IT THE
MOST.
BUT YOU WILL TAKE ME IF YOU BEAT
AZAH, RIGHT, IF YOU WIN THE
VETO?
>> XAVIER'S H.O.H. AND I'M VERY
HAPPY FOR HIM.
BUT IN REALITY, IT DOESN'T EVEN
COME DOWN TO XAVIER.
IT COMES DOWN TO THE VETO
COMPETITION.
THE VETO COMPETITION IS THE ONLY
WAY TO REALLY SECURE YOUR SPOT
IN THAT TOP THREE.
I NEED YOU TO STAY FOCUSED.
>> I'M FOCUSED.
>> WE'RE GOING TO GET THROUGH
THIS.
>> ALL RIGHT.
>> WIN WHEN YOU NEED TO.
>> WHAT?
>> WE WIN IT WITH WH WE NEED TO.
>> I THINK THAT'S MY THING RIGHT
NOW IS I'M A LITTLE BIT TRYING
TO PLAY THAT BECAUSE MY WHOLE
THING WITH AZAH IS I KNOW I'M ON
THE BOTTOM OF THIS FOUR, BECAUSE
YOU HAVE FOUR HAVE A MUCH LONGER
RELATIONSHIP.
I DON'T FEEL THAT.
>> YOU'RE GOOD, YOU'RE GOOD.
>> I THINK ANY FEARS KYLAND HAS
ARE COMPLETELY JUSTIFIED,
BECAUSE IF HE DOESN'T WIN THE
VETO, THERE IS A GOOD CHANCE HE
COULD GO HOME.
EVEN THOUGH I'VE ENJOYED PLAYING
THIS GAME WITH KYLAND, THERE'S
ONLY SO MUCH THAT THE H.O.H. CAN
DO.
THE TRUTH OF THE MATTER IS, IF
YOU DON'T WIN THE VETO, YOUR
GAME IS IN JEOPARDY.
>> I JUST NEED TO WIN THE VETO.
THAT'S ALL THAT MATTERS.
>> YEAH.
HOW ARE YOU?
>> I'M DOING GOOD.
JUST TO BE CLEAR, I'M TALKING TO
EVERYBODY TONIGHT TO GET ME TO
WHERE I'M TRYING TO GO.
THIS IS THE STAGE OF THE GAME,
EITHER WAY, EVEN IF I PUT KY UP,
HE'S GOING TO BE SITTING NEXT TO
ONE OF YOU TWO JUST BECAUSE
THERE'S NOTHING ELSE.
>> I KNOW WITH THE MATH IT WILL
DEFINITELYING ONE OF US.
I JUST WANT TO KNOW IF IT IT BE
TWO OF US.
>> I'M NOT SURE.
>> DO YOU HAVE A FINAL TWO WITH
HIM?
>> WITH KY?
>> NO.
>> IF YOU DID, WOULD YOU TELL ME
THE TRUTH, OR NO?
>> MAYBE.
>> OKAY.
>> DO I HAVE A FINAL TWO WITH
KYLAND CALLED THE GENTLEMEN THAT
WE ESTABLISHED BEFORE THE FINAL
SIX?"
WHAT?
YEAH.
AM I GOING TO TELL YOU THAT?
NO.
NOPE.
NEVER HEARD OF IT.
SORRY.
I KNOW KY'S MISSION IN THIS GAME
IS TO BRENG A COMPETITOR TO THE
END.
I THOUGHT IF HE WAS GOING TO
TAKE A SHOT AT ME IT WOULD HAVE
BEEN LAST WEEK.
THE FACT THAT HE DIDN'T, I GUESS
TELLS ME HE WANTS ME AROUND.
AND THEN HE USED THE VETO ON ME
TODAY.
>> OKAY.
I CAN'T MAKE UPON MY MIND ABOUT
HOW I FEEL ABOUT XAVIER AND
KYLAND.
THIS PUTS ME AND BIG "D" IN A
TRICKY SITUATION, BECAUSE
DEPENDING ON THINGS, WE ARE
PROBABLY GOING TO BE SEPARATED
BY THE END OF THE WEEK.
I KNOW THAT AT THIS POINT, IT
REALLY DOESN'T MATTER.
IT'S ONLY ABOUT THE VETO.
BUT IF HIS NOMINATIONS CONSIST
OF ME AND BIG "D," I'M GOING TO
FEEL PLAYED.
I'M GOING TO PREPARE MYSELF TO
SEE MY PICTURE TOMORROW.
>> I'VE ALWAYS BEEN FORTH COMING
WITH YOU.
>> YOU HAVE BEEN FORTHCOMING.
SO I'LL BE READY.
( LAUGHING )
>> YOU OKAY?
>> YEAH, I'M GOOD.
I'M TRYING TO MAKE IT TO THAT
TOP THREE, AND I'M SCARED.
>> I'M NOT GOING TO LET YOU
DOWN.
I JUST WON H.O.H.
YOU'RE MAKING TOP THREE.
>> I KNOW THAT, I KNOW THAT, I
KNOW THAT.
>> OKAY.
>> I KNOW THAT.
>> RIGHT NOW I'M JUST KIND OF
EVALUATING WHAT I THINK IS GOING
TO BE THE BEST MOVE FOR MY GAME.
ILOVE ALL YOU GUYS PEOPLE AND
I'M TRYING TO EVALUATE WHAT MOVE
WILL BE BEST AT THIS POINT.
HERE'S WHAT I VIEW AS TWO
OPTIONS.
I PUT OF TWO OF THEM UP.
AND IF I WIN THE VETO, EITHER I
CAN USE IT ON KY, TAKE HIM DOWN,
BUT THEN YOU WILL GO UP.
>> RIGHT.
>> OR I DON'T USE IT, AND AT
THAT JUNCTURE, WE GET TO CHOOSE
WHICH ONE WILL STAY.
>> RIGHT.
>> IF WE GO TO THE FINAL THREE
H.O.H., YOU OR I COULD BEAT
AZAH.
IF WE GO TO THE FINAL THREE
H.O.H., IT'S A TOSS-UP WHO WILL
BEAT KY.
>> I WILL DO WHATEVER YOU WANT.
>> I WANT YOUR FEEDBACK.
THE PROS OF GETTING OUT KYLAND
THIS WEEK WE KNOCK OUT ONE OF
THE STRONGEST COMPETITORS IN THE
HOUSE THIS SUMMER.
DURING THE CONVERSATION, I WANT
TO PLANT A LITTLE SEED ABOUT THE
POSSIBILITY OF TAKING KYLAND OUT
THIS WEEK.
AND, TRUTHFULLY, IF BIG "D" CUTS
KYLAND THIS WEEK, HE GETS ALL
THE BLOOD ON HIS HANDS, AND
KYLAND HAS NOTHING NEGATIVE TO
SAY ABOUT ME TO THE JURY.
>> HERE'S MY QUESTION: DO YOU
WANT TO TAKE HIM OUT NOW?
>> THAT'S WHAT I'M ASKING YOU.
WHICH ONE DO YOU FEEL?
>> XAVIER IS FLOATING THIS IDEA
ABOUT CUTTING KYLAND THIS WEEK,
AND I DON'T KNOW HOW I FEEL
ABOUT THAT RIGHT NOW.
BECAUSE, YOU KNOW, I DO HAVE MY
TIES WITH KYLAND, AND IT'S JUST
SO HARD TO SEND HOME SOMEONE
THAT YOU LOVE AND DEARLY SO
MUCH.
>> IF THAT FINAL THREE YOU WANT
TO BE WHERE WE HAVE THE BEST
CHANCE OF WINNING, OR DO YOU
WANT IT TO BE A COMPETITIVE
THING?
>> OKAY.
I...
>> IT'S SOMETHING YOU CAN THINK
ON TONIGHT.
YOU KNOW WHAT I'M SAYING?
IT'S NOT SOMETHING YOU HAVE TO
DECIDE RIGHT NOW.
♪ ♪ ♪
>> HEY, GUYS.
IT'S TIME FOR THE NOMINATION
CEREMONY.
♪ ♪ ♪
THIS IS THE NOMINATION CEREMONY.
IT IS MY RESPONSIBILITY AS THE
HEAD OF HOUSEHOLD TO NOMINATE
TWO HOUSEGUESTS FOR EVICTION.
IN MY NOMINATION BLOCK ARE THE
KEYS OF THE HOUSEGUEST I'M
NOMINATING FOR EVICTION.
I WILL TURN TWO KEYS TO LOCK IN
MY NOMINATIONS AND THEIR FACES
WILL APPEAR ON THE MEMORY WALL.
THE FIRST HOUSEGUEST I HAVE
NOMINATED IS...
THE NEXT HOUSEGUEST I HAVE
I HAVE NOMINATED YOU, AZAH, AND
YOU, KYLAND.
AZAH, THE FACT YOU HAVE MADE IT
THIS FAR WITHOUT BEING NOMINATED
SPEAKS VOLUMES TO YOUR SOCIAL
GAME AND HOW MUCH EVERYONE
RESPECTS YOU AS A PERSON.
KYLAND, YOUR COMPETITION RECORD
SPEAKS FOR ITSELF.
WE ALL KNOW THE REAL POWER IS IN
THE VETO COMPETITION.
I WISH YOU ALL THE BEST OF LUCK.
THIS NOMINATION CEREMONY IS
ADJOURNED.
>> IT'S FUNNY THAT THE FIRST
TIME I'M HITTING THE BLOCK IS
THE TIME THAT I REALLY BELIEVE,
WOW, I MIGHT ACTUALLY BE GOING
HOME.
THERE REALLY IS NO PLAN "B."
I HAVE TO WIN THIS VETO.
>> JUST BECAUSE I'M NOT ON THE
BLOCK NOW DOESN'T MEAN THAT MY
LIFE IN THIS GAME IS NOT IN
DANGER.
THIS VETO COMPETITION IS
LITERALLY LIFE OR DEATH AT THIS
POINT.
>> THESE NOMINATIONS ARE
DIFFERENT BECAUSE THE VETO
HOLDER THIS WEEK DETERMINES WHO
MAKES IT TO FINAL THREE AND WHO
GOES HOME.
IF I WIN THE GOLDEN POWER OF
VETO, I'M LEAVING THE
NOMINATIONS THE SAME, AND AT
THAT POINT, IT'S UP TO BIG "D"
WHO JOINS US IN THE FINAL THREE.
KYLAND IS GOING TO GO HOME THIS
WEEK OR NEXT WEEK.
WHAT ARE WE WAITING FOR?
IF WE HAVE A SHOT TO TAKE, IT
MIGHT BE MOST BENEFICIAL TO TAKE
IT NOW.
>> THIS NEXT VETO IS EVERYTHING.
WE ARE ONE COMPETITION AWAY FROM
GETTING MYSELF TO FINALE NIGHT.
PEOPLE SAY IT'S SO CLOSE I CAN
TASTE IT.
IT'S SO CLOSE I CAN FEEL IT.
I CAN FEEL MYSELF IN FINALE
NIGHT SITTING IN ONE OF THOSE
CHAIRS AT THE END OF THE GAME.
I HAVE CHILLS RIGHT NOW THINKING
ABOUT IT.
>> Announcer: WHO WILL WIN THE
FINAL AND MOST IMPORTANT VETO OF
THE SEASON?
FIND OUT AT A SPECIAL TIME,
WEDNESDAY NIGHT AT 10:00, 9:00
CENTRAL ON "BIG BROTHER"!
Captioned by Media Access Grop
at WGBH access.wgbh.org